[23/02, 02:39] Tushar Rex: Hare Krishna Jayapataka Swami,there are others two persons taken birth for same purpose as you.Srilla Prabhupada established Iskcon for a specific purpose and told about three persons including you whose are also needed to fulfill purpose of iskcon by the wish of god Krishna.Our time is short.Need rapid response.Overall situation of the world think and response as you're live on questions and answer,same as this message.There are some facts need to discuss with you to fulfill your purpose of life and karma.Its about Golden age of kaliyuga.. and the root cause of establishment iskcon.Chaitanya charitamrito i will like to start firstly.From your communication secretary could be given you said in live as specific matter.There is a another person also there who will make the desired action,Srilla Prabhupada didn't told you for a specific reason but i will explain but need a physical or virtual meeting .Your physical condition is not so good so think your Guru's speech Goura dhana jan.Take it seriously.You told me write a personal letter and remind your communication secretary Madhava kant.Another related fact is Lord Narashimha dev in Madhya leela.Your health will be ok soon by mercy of Krishna as before just focus on my messages gravity.
[23/02, 02:44] Tushar Rex: Hare Krishna, sent this message to Madhava kant, as Jayapataka Swami told in    previous live in Facebook.
[23/02, 02:53] Tushar Rex: দুনিয়াতে আছে যত নগরাদি গ্রাম,সর্বতো প্রচার হ ইবে মোর নাম-.চৈত‍্যন‍্য মহাপ্রভু
[23/02, 02:55] Tushar Rex: But to that i need to discuss to you first.Starting project..
[23/02, 03:03] Tushar Rex: From the নিত‍্যানন্দ   celebrated day the process was started.But there are reality beyond imagination.So the goals need different system.
[23/02, 03:31] Tushar Rex: But to that i need to discuss to you first.Starting project..Auspicious month has started.
[23/02, 03:44] Tushar Rex: If u write me a personal letter, and memorize my correspondence secretary i will be able to reply in this  specific situation.-Jayapataka Swami(Info:Facebok live)
i have seen  some projects on help page.A lot more to  do.


[23/02, 02:44] Tushar Rex: Hare Krishna, sent this message to Madhava kant, as Jayapataka Swami told in    previous live in Facebook.
[23/02, 02:53] Tushar Rex: দুনিয়াতে আছে যত নগরাদি গ্রাম,সর্বতো প্রচার হ ইবে মোর নাম-.চৈত‍্যন‍্য মহাপ্রভু
[23/02, 02:55] Tushar Rex: But to that i need to discuss to you first.Starting project..

Hare Krishna Jayapataka Swami,there are others two persons taken birth for same purpose as you.Srilla Prabhupada established Iskcon for a specific purpose and told about three persons including you whose are also needed to fulfill purpose of iskcon by the wish of god Krishna.Our time is short.Need rapid response.Overall situation of the world think and response as you're live on questions and answer,same as this message.There are some facts need to discuss with you to fulfill your purpose of life and karma.Its about Golden age of kaliyuga.. and the root cause of establishment iskcon.Chaitanya charitamrito i will like to start firstly.From your communication secretary could be given you said in live as specific matter.There is a another person also there who will make the desired action,Srilla Prabhupada didn't told you for a specific reason but i will explain but need a physical or virtual meeting .Your physical condition is not so good so think your Guru's speech Goura dhana jan.Take it seriously.You told me write a personal letter and remind your communication secretary Madhava kant.Another related fact is Lord Narashimha dev in Madhya leela.Your health will be ok soon by mercy of Krishna as before just focus on my messages gravity.



[13/02, 07:08] Tushar Rex: Jayapataka Swami, Do you remember what Srila Prabhupad told you?(hint:birth of children of Vaikunth ).They want to meet you for the same purpose as also they have incarnated like you may be.
[13/02, 07:27] Tushar Rex: Message ending
[13/02, 08:53] Tushar Rex: Tushar kanti sarker(krishna).
[13/02, 17:11] Tushar Rex: As I have told publicly, there's may be a problem of misunderstanding and seriousness.But as you know Krishna saved your life   when you were attacked by miscreant. Same as some spiritual messages of Krishna was told you by Srila Prabhupad as your initiator.You need to know a matter about the Supreme personality of Godhead.